1.Login

API for login with Facebook.
This does not require any changes from our codebase. When a user logs in via Facebook, we should make a check, and there are no API tokens present on the devise, then, we should consider it as a new user registration. If there is already a token present, then i guess we can just log the user in.

API for login with Twitter.
Same as above

API for registration.
This needs to be added. It is fairly straightforward in rails. Need to just add a respond_to block for json support and send back the token, on success.

API for forget Password.
Do we need an api for this? Can we not redirect them to a link on the web app?

2.Tab a new ad(saving a offer)
Already have an API for this but seems to add some more parameters into it. Need to include the geo-location parameter (latitude & longitude)
Yes, this is correct. Geo location information needs to be added for ads. This requires changing the db to include additional columns through a db migration. The additional fields should show up in the API calls for ads automatically.

The image data that is sending is not a url it should be  some binary data.
I would suggest using a library like Paperclip(https://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip) and add a column to ad image in the Ad model. That way, the image upload can happen in one call (along with the rest of the ad fields).

Comments to facebook

The API for adding the offer to fb.
No change needed from our API.

3.Category

API for getting the category (if advanced tabbing).
This can be added through a controller method on Categories_controller.rb.

Note:-
If Basic Tabbing what will be the default category. We need an API to fetch all or default categories based on a flag(parameter).

Same as fetching a category.

4.MyLocal Offers

API for getting the local offers based on my current location for the category selected.
This should be added to the offers_controller. A new method 'index' should be added and the user's location should be passed to this controller action via query string.

Note:- The response result must contain the thumbnail image of the offer ,site url , username and category name.(for the current API implementation some of these data where missing)
Thumbnail is missing. This should be a url to the thumbnail image. Have to add the geo info to Offer.rb as well.

(As per version 0.6.
User can swipe left/right between this offer page, the voucher or the Facebook comments page (see sections 8 & 9) IF available)

5.All Other Offers/By Category
API for getting the all other offers for the category selected.
Should be implemented in categories_controller's index method as described above.

Note:- The response result must contain the thumbnail image of the offer ,site url , usernam and category name.(for the current API implementation some of these data where missing)
(As per version 0.6.
User can swipe left/right between this offer page, the voucher or the Facebook comments page (see sections 8 & 9) IF available)

6.Get details of an ad/offer.
API for getting the detail of a particular offer.
Note:-The response result must contain the voucher & Facebook comments.(As per version 0.6.
User can swipe left/right between this offer page, the voucher or the Facebook comments page (see sections 8 & 9) IF available)
API already available?


7.Search

API for Search is needed.
If it is for offers, section 4 and 5 should have added support for this.

8.More Offers

API for more offer is needed.



Don’t we need APIs for Add/manage offers?
Not sure if we need it via API. It is available in the web application, and not sure if we are supporting admin tasks via Smartphone in the initial version.

API to save settings at database
Needs to be added to Settings controller.
